shutdown manager: use filter on downstream_cx_active stats url (#6523)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/6523-therealak12-small.md

> - Improve response time by utilizing a query param (`filter=http\..*\.downstream_cx_active`) when querying `/stats/prometheus` for `envoy_http_downstream_cx_active` 

Reviewer: nit: lets mention that this is a shutdown manager change here, also can remove the leading `- `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve shutdown manager query to the Envoy stats endpoint for active connections by utilizing a regex filter query param.
```

Author: Thanks. I've applied your suggestion.
